c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\KnowledgeShare.dll
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\KnowledgeShare.pdb
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\KnowledgeShare.xap
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\DetailsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\KnowledgeShare.g.resources
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\KnowledgeShare.dll
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\KnowledgeShare.pdb
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\prashanth\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Prashanth\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\Menu.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Prashanth\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\EnrollExpert.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Prashanth\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\ProblemSubmission.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Prashanth\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\SignUp.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Prashanth\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\ExpertCourses.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Prashanth\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\IssueDetails.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Prashanth\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\Solution.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Prashanth\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\ViewSolutions.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\KnowledgeShare.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\KnowledgeShare.pdb
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\KnowledgeShare.xap
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\KnowledgeShare.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\DetailsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\ExpertCourses.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\Menu.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\EnrollExpert.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\IssueDetails.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\ProblemSubmission.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\SignUp.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\ViewSolutions.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\KnowledgeShare.g.resources
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\KnowledgeShare.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\KnowledgeShare.pdb
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\SolutionDetailPage.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\obj\Debug\ProvideSolution.g.i.cs
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.xml
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\cs-CZ\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\da-DK\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\de-DE\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\el-GR\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\en-GB\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\es-ES\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\fi-FI\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\fr-FR\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\hu-HU\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\it-IT\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\ja-JP\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\ko-KR\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\nb-NO\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\nl-NL\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\pl-PL\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\pt-PT\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\ru-RU\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\sv-SE\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\zh-CN\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
C:\Laxman\KnowledgeShare\KnowledgeShare\Bin\Debug\zh-TW\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.resources.dll
